You want to rebel.
Hello, ma'am.
Miss, are you okay?
Excuse me.
I just saw such a big face.
You're awake.
Try to be really sorry.
Besides, this is my room.
Who let you in?
Hey.
Let's see.
My room.
This is your room.
No, wasn't I socializing at the Crown Hotel?
I remember the next half day.
What happened?
Why am I here?
Where are you?
Why do you drink so much alcohol?
Yesterday if I hadn't been in time.
You don't know where they're taking you.
Ho always helped me.
General manager, thank you.
If I had known that court was so bad, I wouldn't have gone.
Actually, I should have said I'm sorry.
I didn't know he was that kind of person.
I want to know.
I certainly won't let you help him.
Don t you know he s that kind of person?
After I fired him.
This isn't going to happen.
So now can you tell me your room is across the street?
Why are you in my room?
I remember being thirsty.
Then...
Maybe vaguely wrong, you're sure you're wrong.
You came into the room deliberately.